TITLE: ‘NEOALI’, a startup that develops high-end, AI-technology-based produc...
URL: https://magazine.hankyung.com/job-joy/article/202601015937d
SOURCE: naver_openapi
QUERY: Ontology
EXTRACTION: fullish

NEOALI a startup that develops highend AItechnologybased products │ 매거진한경 귀하의 웹 브라우저(Internet Explorer)는 오래되었습니다. 현재 이용 중인 웹브라우저에서 일부 기능이 지원되지 않습니다. 무료이며 우수한 최신 브라우저 중 하나를 다운로드하세요. 브라우저 안내 닫기 본문 바로가기 매거진한경 한경 BUSINESS 한경 MONEY 한경 JOB&JOY 한경 Contents Solution 기사 제보 구독신청 e매거진 로그인 내정보 계정관리 구독 유료 상품 로그아웃 고객센터 회원 메뉴 닫기 계정관리 로그아웃 --> 한경JOB JOY 한경 60년 미래를 봅니다 - since 1964 --> 검색창 열기 검색 검색창 닫기 전체뉴스 취업&창업 직업의 세계 스타트업 CEO 캠퍼스이슈 홈 JOB JOY ‘NEOALI’, a startup that develops high-end, AI-technology-based products 페이스북 공유하기 엑스 공유하기 카카오톡 공유하기 공유옵션 더보기 공유하기 페이스북 엑스 카카오톡 네이버 밴드 다음카페 https://magazine.hankyung.com/job-joy/article/202601015937d URL 복사 매거진한경 SNS채널 한경 BUSINESS 한경 MONEY 인스타그램 네이버 포스트 --> 네이버 채널 구독 공유하기 레이어 닫기 폰트크기조정 폰트크기 가장 작게 폰트크기 작게 폰트 기본크기 폰트크기 크게 폰트크기 가장 크게 입력 2026.01.01 01:06 수정 2026.01.01 11:26 이진호 기자 Minho Lee, CEO of NEOALI Founded on university lab AI technology, NEOALI launched B2B businesses in insurance, finance, and manufacturing Developed an on-device document work assistant that uses AI technology to deliver top performance at minimal cost NEOALI is a company founded on university lab AI technology. The company has developed B2C products based on high-end AI technology and is now expanding its B2B business into insurance, finance, and manufacturing. The company was founded in January 2019 by CEO Minho Lee. NEOALI&rsquo;s flagship products include on-device AI document work assistants (SamuGen and LayGen) and the AI B2B solution Manual Sense for insurance, finance, and manufacturing, as well as ontology AI solutions. NEOALI developed on-device document work assistants that eliminate concerns about personal information leaks and security. These assistants use EVE AI (Economic, Versatile, and Excellent AI) technology to deliver top performance at a minimal cost. This has enabled the company to bundle and sell AI software with domestic and international PC vendors, such as Jooyontech, Withus Computer, and JP IK, as well as with public institutions, including the Republic of Korea Army, the Student Aid Foundation, and the Korea Expressway Corporation. Using a world-class document parser recognized by Intel, NEOALI supplies Manual Sense and ontology AI solutions to the manufacturing sector (Shipbuilding S SYS) and the insurance and finance sector (Kyobo Life, Shinhan Life, NH Life, KB Securities, etc). NEOALI&rsquo;s competitive edge lies in its superior technological capabilities. Accurate on-device understanding and generation of complex documents requires core technologies, such as knowledge parsers, ontology design, and orchestration. NEOALI&rsquo;s technology is so advanced that it won first place in Intel&rsquo;s On-Device AI Global Challenge. Office Suites is a document understanding and generation solution that enables the secure use of AI in institutions and organizations that are sensitive to security and privacy issues. Key customers include defense organizations, enterprises, and educational institutions. FunAI Suites targets younger generations who want to create and enjoy new content. Subscription or licensing agreements are underway with various chatbot companies. It is also developing a platform for content creation and distribution. NEOALI has received strategic investments from the Korea Technology Finance Corporation and NCSOFT and is currently in discussions with a manufacturing AI company regarding strategic investment. NEOALI consists of 17 members, half of whom are KAIST alumni, and the rest of whom are former students of Lee. Regarding future plans, Lee stated, &ldquo;We plan to pursue B2B business by forming strategic partnerships with companies that have already captured the market and established demand channels,&rdquo; adding, &ldquo;We want to use the funds raised to introduce our products to the world through B2C business.&rdquo; Founded: January 2019 Main business: B2C AI generative app and insurance and finance and manufacturing B2B solution sales Achievements: Won numerous awards, including first place globally in the 2024 Intel On-Device AI Global Challenge reporter jinho lee jinho2323@hankyung.com &copy; 매거진한경, 무단전재 및 재배포 금지 관련기사 The Korea Biohealth Innovation & Start-up Center of the Korea Health Industry Development Institute, “selected as the supervising agency for the Startup Scale-up Package for a ninth consecutive year" ‘Huniverse Global’, a startup that provides a cloud-based system for precision medicine in hospitals ‘HIKIVE’, a startup that develops security tokens combining blockchain technology with renewable energy projects ‘PMATCH’, a startup that uses data and AI to promote safe and efficient medication usage ‘PROID’, a startup that develops AI-based medical image analysis software and laryngeal performance evaluation systems 제337호 - 2025.11.3 e매거진 보기 한경매거진앤북 한경 BUSINESS 한경MONEY 한경 JOB JOY 회사소개 구독신청 광고문의 제작대행 문의 --> 이용약관 개인정보처리방침 기자윤리강령 고객센터 1:1 문의 --> 사이트맵 SNS 채널 한경 BUSINESS 네이버 포스트 --> 네이버 블로그 네이버TV 한경MONEY 네이버 포스트 --> 인스타그램 한경 JOB JOY 페이스북 유튜브 네이버 포스트 --> 한국경제 미디어그룹 한국경제 한국경제 TV BOOK 한경아카데미 텐아시아 생글생글 TESAT 29초영화제 한경 BUSINESS MONEY 인스타그램 네이버 포스트 네이버 채널 --> ㈜한경매거진앤북 통신판매업신고 : 중구 02559 호 사업자등록번호 : 104-81-47761 대표자 : 하영춘 주소 : 서울 중구 청파로 463 한국경제 6층 구독문의 : 02-360-4841 FAX : 02-360-4837 Copyright by 한경매거진앤북 co., Ltd. All rights reserved. 상단 바로가기 --> 우측 광고 스크립트 영역 --> 광고 닫기 -->
